....иииии.....иииии..../                                \....иииии.....иииии....
  и  .  .  и  и  .  .  |       Help on:  socials        |  .  .  и  и  .  .  и
ииии.....иииии.....ииии\                                /ииии.....иииии.....ииии

afk          cringe       grimace      nod          shove        sulk
ahem         crow         grin         noogie       shrug        surrender
anvil        cuddle       grind        nudge        shudder      swat
babble       curl         groan        ogle         shuffle      sweat
bark         curse        grope        ok           sigh         tantrum
bathe        daydream     grovel       pace         sing         taunt
beam         defecate     growl        pan          sit          tease
bear         dice         grumble      panic        skip         thumb
beer         dirt         grunt        pant         slap         thwack
beg          disgust      haha         paranoid     sleep        tip
behind       doh          hail         pat          slobber      trip
bhand        doodle       hammer       peek         smack        triumph
bird         drool        hbeer        pester       smell        tug
bleed        embrace      hiccup       pet          smile        twiddle
bless        evil         high5        phew         smirk        vangogh
blink        expose       hiss         pinch        smooch       wail
blow         eye          howl         poke         snap         wait
blush        faint        hug          pose         snarl        wake
boo          fall         hum          pout         sneer        wall
bored        fangs        hunger       pummel       sneeze       warn
bounce       fart         imitate      purr         sniff        wave
bow          fft          jiggy        pyscho       sniffle      wedgy
cackle       fidget       jump         quack        snore        whimper
camn         fist         kic          rag          snort        whine
cance        flex         lag          rage         snuggle      whip
caress       flip         laugh        raise        sob          whistle
cgar         foam         listen       rant         spank        wicked
choke        fondle       lol          relax        spaz         wiggle
chuckle      freeze       loom         rofl         spin         wild
clap         french       lust         roll         spit         wince
clean        froth        maniac       rps          squeal       wink
cluck        frown        massage      rub          squint       woot
comb         fume         meow         ruffle       squirm       worry
comfort      fun          monkey       sad          stab         worship
compose      gag          moo          salute       stagger      writhe
confused     gibber       mosh         satisfied    stand        yawn
cornholio    giggle       munch        scowl        stare        yodel
cough        glare        murmur       scratch      stomp
count        glaze        mutter       scream       stretch
cower        gnaw         narrow       seduce       strip
crack        goose        nervous      shake        strut
crazy        grab         nibble       shiver       suck

For social commands that do not appear on this list, you can use the
^mEMOTE^x command. This will allow you to customize your character's behavior.

